.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" * SPDX-License-Identifier: curl
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLOPT_SSH_R$EAD_TIMEOUT 3 "16 Jan 2023" "libcurl 7.69.2" "curl_easy_setopt options"
.SH NAME
CURLOPT_SSH_READ_TIMEOUT \- set timeout for SSH packet reads
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_setopt(CURL *handle, CURLOPT_SSH_READ_TIMEOUT, long timeout);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Pass a long as parameter. Set to 0 to use default of 60 or non-zero to specify
number of seconds.

Configures SSH read timeout.  This is a request, not an order; the server
may or may not do it.

Useful for situations such as FTP servers being slow due to such situations
as responding to an ls command when the folder on the server has 10s of
thousands of flies.

Requires libssh2 version 1.10.1 or later
.SH DEFAULT
0, disabled
.SH PROTOCOLS
All SSH based protocols: SCP, SFTP
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
CURL *curl = curl_easy_init();
if(curl) {
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_URL, "sftp://example.com");

  /* Set packet read timeout to 5 minutes */
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_SSH_READ_TIMEOUT, 60L * 5L);

  /* Perform the request */
  curl_easy_perform(curl);
}
.fi
.SH AVAILABILITY
Added in 7.69.2
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLE_OK if the option is supported, CURLE_UNKNOWN_OPTION if not, or
CURLE_OUT_OF_MEMORY if there was insufficient heap space.
